
NEXT ACTION

NEXT PLAYTEST GOAL
Create a first episode that introduces new players to this world and the game mechanisms.
	No golems!
	Variable within planned parameters, so as to be interesting to play even if you know the plot.
	Threats must escalate as sub-objectives are met.
	
REPRINTS:

CRITICAL ISSUES:
Development Tools
	Move all game components to Component.Studio
		Make the game components the right physical size for their objects
Usability
	How will the players know when and how to retrieve new Field Guide pages? And how will they get new cards to add to the game?
		Put the new cards in the Field Guide page sleeves for now.
	Players are still having trouble understanding how to evaluate creature actions.
		"Each [creature] takes 3 actions. For each action, select the first [option?] that matches the situation."
		Numerals imply the options should be performed in sequence instead of selecting the first one that applies.
			If numerals are removed, remove them from guard module cards too.
	Semi-blind playtesting (Players take over AFTER setup)
	Use "If ∆>=X" notation?
	Reword "hidden" text to indicate that there's an extra targeting step that may cause the action to fail.
		Provide a "spot hidden" die instead? Roll at a penalty for a creature in a connected area, instead of autofail?
	Create an FAQ for interactions and edge cases
	Use the word "target" consistently
	Provide players with "action" tokens so they can keep track of their remaining actions for the turn.
Immersion
	Characters - IF TIME PERMITS
		Give players characters with distinct starting abilities.
		Change player colors to named characters (still have to associate with colored pawns, though)
		Change card and component colors to differ from player colors
		Provide tool/weapon objects, like the hunter's rifle?	
	Make each area special in some way, with more engaging names
		Add more areas!
	Add marginalia to field notes from captain and engineer
	Add pictures and flavor text to cards
	
IMPORTANT ISSUES:
Put "Protospiel Tested" logo on docs and box and site
Future Episodes
	Replace the A/B C/D E/F clue descriptors with area qualities (large/small, etc.)
	Security station provides chance to remove a Tick card from the clock deck
	Connection station allows user to widen a connection
	Dormant golems must provide the Board action.
	Each episode should advance the story of the Argo.
	Each episode should introduce a new threat or mechanism.
	Use Dungeon World style "fronts" to set up a series of scenarios
		Should there be packs of components specific to each front, which can be combined for different randomized adventures?
	Look at Warframe for mission ideas
		Missions where you work _with_ AI units.
	Document creature and threat behavior on scenario reference sheets, so they can vary between scenarios.
	Create more clue areas than needed, and randomly select a subset for each applicable episode
	Each episode needs to scale threats as the players make progress toward their objective but also somewhat due to passage of time
		Think of Grim Portents from Dungeon World
		Finding clues, as in the rescue scenario, is just one way to do this
		What would it mean to add a "tock" card to the clock deck?
	Find dormant module-less golems in course of play
		At random?
		Special Armory area?
		To follow the Argo's crew, they must get past a hazard that they cannot pass without being in a golem.
			Flooded areas?
			Lava?
			Security door?
Rules text should be more friendly and inviting
	Consider having Robin Drake edit
Should this be a roleplaying board game, with customizable characters, and bonds to things that generate XP and character growth?
Prepare a demo scenario for showing to publishers
Adhesive Eructor isn't very appealing to players
	Remove Stuck marker on 4+?
	Maybe the Eructor creates (goo? mucilage?) objects / markers, which are documented in the Field Guide.
Allow energy to be paid by any energy source in the area - your golem, ally's golem, energy station - even if you aren't in a golem
Be consistent about replacing lava markers with rubble

DEVELOPMENT ISSUES:
Test 2-player game at different difficulties: changing Tick ratios seems like it will be a HUGE swing with only 2 player cards.
Need 8 Tick cards total.
Adjust rules to account for players with multiple heroes.

COSMETIC ISSUES:
Make the backs of the area tiles look like collapsed areas
Clock deck back should show an image of the clock
Reprint Areas: Hangar, Palace, Academy
Need means in addition to color for distinguishing golems.
	Current player & golem colors (RGB)
		Violet 133, 56, 204
		Blue 45, 128, 255
		Red 255, 0, 0
		Green 0, 255, 0
		Orange 255, 153, 0
		Yellow 255, 255, 0
Associate heroes with gemstones of different colors and shapes
	Garnet (rounded triangle), Amethyst (hexagon), Emerald (rectangle with cut corners), Citrine (rounded square), Sapphire (oval)
See if TGC has a larger hex tile size we can use

CONCERNS:
Are there too many actions per turn?
Should we reduce the number of skulks?
How long does the game take to play? Seems to be about 2 hours.
Are there enough ways to obtain a new golem if yours is lost?
Can we provide a painful way of gaining an extra action on your turn, reflecting some heroic effort?
Are people having to explore far enough from the Hangar to get to all the clue areas?
Would "Pilot" be more clear than "Hero"?
Having things be hidden adds lots of targeting rolls that seem to slow the game.
	But players don't seem to mind. And just adding a penalty to hit doesn't affect _all_ actions, and can make hitting impossible instead of just harder
Should carried creatures get a penalty to attack?
Is there enough time pressure?
	Every cycle through the Clock deck, add a Tock card. When you draw a Tock, roll to see if you must draw a Doom card.
Does rubble add enough interest to the game to justify the complexity it causes?
Is the Tick mechanism doing enough to scale the difficulty according to player desire and the number of players?
	Consider the number of actions per turn, as well as the number of turns, to scale difficulty and number of players.
Is it clear enough that "nearest largest enemy" means that a smaller nearer enemy is selected over a larger farther enemy?

IDEAS:
Should you be able to spend an extra action during a Move to avoid a selected enemy?
Should guard golems be able to recharge?
Add a Tunnel discovery card
Provide an achievement checklist
	Winning the game with all heroes surviving.
Would it improve the game to combine golem energy and health somehow?


	
